Add initial AWS blog post (#364)
readthedocs/website: content/posts/aws-powers-read-the-docs.md

* **S3**: We store all of our documentation artifacts in S3.
  This includes the HTML files, PDFs, and other outputs generated by our build system.
* **RDS**: Our primary and replica Postgres databases are hosted on RDS.
  This allows us to scale our database easily, and we rarely have to think about it.

We use a number of other AWS services as well, including Cloudwatch for monitoring, Route 53 for DNS, and many more.

## A few of the projects we host

Here are just a few of the big projects whose docs we build and host:

- [**Godot Engine**](https://docs.godotengine.org/) – the open-source 2D/3D game engine behind thousands of indie titles and student projects.
- [**Jupyter**](https://docs.jupyter.org/en/latest/) – the open source project that powers Jupyter Notebooks, used by millions of data scientists and educators worldwide.
- [**Flask**](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/) – the Python web framework powering everything from hobby APIs to production workloads at scale.
- [**Python Developers Guide**](https://devguide.python.org/) - the official guide for developing Python itself, maintained by the core developers.

> - Tens of thousands of other open-source libraries. Scroll almost any ``requirements.txt`` and you’ll see at least one project whose docs we host.

Reviewer: Requirement files feels rather specific and out of date, they are Python only and aren't commonly used by Python packages or modern repositories.

```suggestion
- Tens of thousands of other open-source libraries. Browse the documentation of the libraries, software, and services you use and it won't take long to find a project whose docs we host.
```

    <div class="ui padded container">
        <div class="ui stackable equal width grid">
            <div class="stretched row">
                <div class="column">
                    <div class="ui padded raised large segment">
                        <i class="fad fa-quotes big icon" aria-hidden="true"></i>
                        <blockquote class="ui big text">
                        Read the Docs plays a large part in enabling a small volunteer team to maintain our docs. Without the generous Community plan, we couldn't have afforded anything close to the CI/build resources that we got with Read the Docs.
                        </blockquote>
                        <div class="ui small header">
                            <div class="content">
                                Max Hilbrunner
                                <div class="sub header">
                                    Godot Engine
                                </div>
                            </div>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

>     </div>

Reviewer: This should be an include call like on the homepage. There's no need to copy the grid, row, or column structure to this either.

> ## Features that make Read the Docs unique

Reviewer: This section feels off topic for a blog post about AWS. I get we probably should have some content describing us if AWS is linking to this post, but I think that content should target users that _have no idea what RTD is_. So, something more like a CTA to learn more, and pointing to a page with a more basic description of RTD would probably be best.

Reviewer: That's a great idea, that should fit really well.

There are many places to host your documentation,
but Read the Docs is unique in a few key ways:

> * **Free for open source**: We provide free hosting for any open source project, with generous limits on builds and storage.

Reviewer: This post is swapping between `open source` and `open-source`. We've always used `open source`, but should at least be consistent either way.

    <div class="ui padded container">
        <div class="ui stackable equal width grid">
            <div class="stretched row">
                <div class="column">
                    <div class="ui padded raised large segment">
                        <i class="fad fa-quotes big icon" aria-hidden="true"></i>
                        <blockquote class="ui big text">
                            Read the Docs is a critical component of the open source software ecosystem. And their PR builds are the best and most trustworthy implementation out there.
                        </blockquote>
                        <div class="ui small header">
                            <div class="content">
                                Matt Fisher
                                <div class="sub header">
                                    UC Berkeley Eric &amp; Wendy Schmidt Center for Data Science &amp; Environment
                                </div>
                            </div>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

>     </div>

Reviewer: Same on include and tuning the testimonial here.

## A few of the projects we host

{% import "partials/marketing.html" as marketing %}

Here are just a few of the big projects whose docs we build and host:

- [**Godot Engine**](https://docs.godotengine.org/) – the open source 2D/3D game engine behind thousands of indie titles and student projects.
- [**Jupyter**](https://docs.jupyter.org/en/latest/) – the open source project that powers Jupyter Notebooks, used by millions of data scientists and educators worldwide.
- [**Flask**](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/) – the Python web framework powering everything from hobby APIs to production workloads at scale.
- [**Python Developers Guide**](https://devguide.python.org/) - the official guide for developing Python itself, maintained by the core developers.

> -  Tens of thousands of other open-source libraries. Browse the documentation of the libraries, software, and services you use and it won't take long to find a project whose docs we host.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  Tens of thousands of other open source libraries. Browse the documentation of the libraries, software, and services you use and it won't take long to find a project whose docs we host.
```
